Install Target and Platform Update (#534)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/7-to-8/major-changes/platforms.rst

There may be cases where sets of platforms (for example a group of
standalone compute servers, or a pair of mirrored HPC's) might be equally

> suitable for a task, but not share file systems to allow them to constitute

Reviewer: Whether they share file systems or not isn't really relevant.
I suggest ending the sentence after "equally suitable for a task".

           # A computer with PBS, that takes local job submissions
           job runner = pbs
           hosts = localhost
           install target = localhost

>        [[slurm_supercomputer]]

Reviewer: The example above uses a platform named "just_run_it" - it should be "slurm_supercomputer".

           # This computer with Slurm requires you to use a login node.
           hosts = login_node01, login_node02  # Cylc will pick a host.
           job runner = slurm

Note that in these examples, it is assumed that ``linuxboxNN``, ``pbs_local`` and
``slurm_supercomputer`` have distinct file systems.

> If platforms share a file system they must have their :term:`install target`
> configured, this should be done at site level. For more information see
> :ref:`Install Targets`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an install target is not set, a platform will use its own platform name
as the install target name. If multiple platforms share a file system
and :ref:`install target <Install Targets>` is not set each will carry out a separate (slow) remote
install procedure. Sets of platforms which share a file system should specify
a single :ref:`install target <Install Targets>`.
```

Author: If they share a file system the authentication keys will clash (resulting in remote init error) if they have different install targets configured though?

Reviewer 2: Ok, then you are right, they must. I still think that the clarification makes sense

```suggestion
Sets of platforms which share a file system must specify
a single :ref:`install target <Install Targets>`.

.. note::
   If an install target is not set, a platform will use its own platform name
   as the install target name. If multiple platforms share a file system
   and :ref:`install target <Install Targets>` they will not work.
```
